# What is intelligence (in Singapore)? #
What is intelligence? The Oxford Dictionary defines intelligence the ability to acquire and apply knowledge and skills. Singapore's emphasis on knowledge rather than skills is illustrated by the numerous "big" exams scattered throughout one's schooling life, such as the PSLE (Primary School Leaving Examinations) and GCE O-Levels. 

Wanting their children to do well has always been a goal for parents who may feel that their child's ability in academics is a good gauge of their parenting ability. This may place unnecessary stress on their children as they may be convinced that their academic ability is the be all and end all for success in life which is definitely not that case in our reality. It is saddening to see our education system place emphasis on a very narrow band of intelligence testing, one that encourages rote learning and memorisation instead of meaningful learning. In my personal experience, as a learner who is better at the former, the emphasis on quick and dynamic thinking required and the pace of my computer science modules often leave me breathless. Based on the definition from the dictionary, it would be more beneficial to enhance learning through the cultivation of natural curiosity, as ideally, learning is about self-improvement, personal growth, or enjoyment.

On the development of skills, there are many avenues for those that are less academically inclined namely, the Institute of Technical Learning (ITE). It is vocational school which offer apprenticeships for the skilled trades and diplomas in vocational education for skilled technicians and workers in support roles in professions such as engineering, accountancy and nursing.

In Singapore's context, against the backdrop of the various education pathways offered is a deep rooted sense of classism, that my child is more intelligent because he or she is in a better school than yours. An idea I hope to further explore.
